[Feature] Support enabling distributed training by `launch` (#871)
open-mmlab/mmengine: docs/en/advanced_tutorials/distributed.md

- [is_main_process](mmengine.dist.is_main_process): Returns `True` if current process is rank 0 in current process group, otherwise `False` . Always returns `True` when non-distributed
- [master_only](mmengine.dist.master_only): A function decorator. Functions decorated by `master_only` will only execute on rank 0 process.
- [barrier](mmengine.dist.barrier): A synchronization primitive. Every process will hold until all processes in the current process group reach the same barrier location

> - [launch](mmengine.dist.launch)：A function to launch distributed task. [distributed_training_launch.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/distributed_training_launch.py) can enable distributed simply with the `launch` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [launch](mmengine.dist.launch): Launch distributed task with single or multiple machines/GPU.
```

> - [launch](mmengine.dist.launch)：A function to launch distributed task. [distributed_training_launch.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/distributed_training_launch.py) can enable distributed very simple with the `launch` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [launch](mmengine.dist.launch)：A function to launch distributed task. [distributed_training_launch.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/distributed_training_launch.py) can enable distributed simply with the `launch` function.
```

> - [launch](mmengine.dist.launch)：A function to launch distributed task. [distributed_training_launch.py.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/distributed_training_launch.py) can enable distributed very simple with the `launch` function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [launch](mmengine.dist.launch)：A function to launch distributed task. [distributed_training_launch.py](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/examples/distributed_training_launch.py) can enable distributed very simple with the `launch` function.
```
